E-Commerce Plugins doc update (#14)
ezsystems/ezpersonalization-documentation: docs/ecommerce_plugins/magento2.md

## Introduction

If you are not familiar with the usage of recommendations, read the [introduction](../personalization/user_guide/introduction.md) and [use cases](../personalization/user_guide/use_cases.md) from the User Guide.

## Installation

First install the Yoochoose Recommendation Engine Extension.
It can be done through the [Magento Marketplace](https://marketplace.magento.com/) (search for *yoochoose*).
The extension is free to download and install.
The service itself is based on performance of the recommendations.
See [Performance Pricing section](https://www.yoochoose.com/en/pricing/) for details.

> In order to install the extension on your local Magento2 installation, your purchases need to be synced via the Web Wizard Setup > [Component Manager](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.1/comp-mgr/module-man/compman-start.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to install the extension on your local Magento2 installation, your purchases need to be synced via the [Component Manager](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.1/comp-mgr/module-man/compman-start.html)
```
Actually, it's Web Setup Wizard, but let's drop it since we're linking to the official Magento documentation — it explains in detail how to access the Web Setup Wizard and then proceed to the Component Manager.

In order to install the extension on your local Magento2 installation, your purchases need to be synced via the Web Wizard Setup > [Component Manager](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.1/comp-mgr/module-man/compman-start.html)

## Account Registration
## Account registration

Before the recommendation engine can be enabled for your web shop, you must register a new "Magento Connect" account on the Yoochoose web page.
Before enabling the recommendation engine for your web shop, register a new *Magento Connect* account on the [Yoochoose web page](https://www.yoochoose.com/en/pricing/).

[https://www.yoochoose.com/en/pricing](https://www.yoochoose.com/en/pricing/) 
Select the **Magento Module** in the option box (Magento2 and Magento use the same [registration link](https://admin.yoochoose.net/login.html?product=magento_Direct&lang=en_US#login)).

Select the Magento Module in the option box (Magento2 and Magento use the same registration link).
![Magneto Registration](img/magento_register.png)

> ![](img/magento_register.png)

Reviewer: Let's move this image up so it appears directly below "Select the **Magento Module** in the option box (Magento2 and Magento use the same [registration link]." as the image refers to the link provided in this sentence. 

The link included below (line 21) takes you one step further — to the website that opens up after clicking **Register for free**>**Magento**. Might be misleading.

> If you are configuring a highly visited web shop (over a million page requests per month), you should ask for additional consultation and phone support by Yoochoose GmbH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are configuring a highly visited web shop (over a million page requests per month), you should ask Yoochoose GmbH for additional consultation and phone support.
```

> The registration itself is straightforward and self-explanatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
How about deleting this sentence? :D

> After it is finished, you will get a customer ID and the license key for the recommendation extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the registration is finished, you will get a customer ID and the license key for the recommendation extension.
```
But feel free to discard this comment if you disagree with the preceding one.

> The Extension configuration/enabling is located in the Magento Admin Panel under Stores > Configuration > YOOCHOOSE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Extension configuration/enabling is located in the Magento Admin Panel under **Stores** > **Configuration** > **YOOCHOOSE**.
```

![Activation of the YOOCHOOSE Extension](img/magento_activate.png "Activation of the YOOCHOOSE Extension")

In the admin interface of Magento 2 enter your customer ID and license key.

## Firewall configuration

The Magento2 Recommendation module needs connection to the Yoochoose configuration server: `admin.yoochoose.net`

> Both http (port 80) and https (port 443) ports must be open for outbound TCP connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both HTTP (port 80) and HTTPS (port 443) ports must be open for outbound TCP connections.
```

You cannot build the firewall rule based on the IP addresses.

> The Yoochoose infrastructure is located in the AWS cloud and the IP addresses can change.

Reviewer: Do you think we should spell out the AWS acronym here?

## Available Recommendation Blocks

The Yoochoose extension will automatically launch after the installation is completed. After that the extension will track page visitors and personalize shopping experience for them.

> Following options are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following options are available:
```

- **Bestsellers** are shown on the home page for all visitors and on the main category pages. 
- **Personal recommendations** are shown to registered customers or to anonymous visitors with a persistent or long living session. It analyses the purchasing and click history of the visitors and suggests new products.

![Landing and Category page](img/magento_landing_page.png "Landing and Category page")

- Category **Related** is created with products that customers usually buy together with the current product (e.g. butter and bread).

> - **Upselling** recommendations (on the product details block) show products that customers buy instead of the current product (for example printer *Canon* instead of *HP*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Upselling** recommendations (on the product details block) show products that customers buy instead of the current product (for example printer *X* instead of *Z*).
```
Or anything that would save us from using other companies names.

![Detail Page](img/magento_detail_page.png "Detail Page")

> - **Cross selling** products are similar to the related products, but they are calculated based on the customer's shopping cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cross sell** products are similar to the related products, but they are calculated based on the customer's shopping cart.
```
To align it with the screenshot.

![Shopping Cart](img/magento_shopping_cart.png "Shopping Cart")

## Personalized Search integration

We also offer a Personalized Search Service which can search for vendors, category and products.
It can be activated in the Magento2 back end in the Extension configuration.

![Personalized Search activation](img/magento_personalized_search.png "Personalized Search activation")

An example of the search results can be seen here:

![Personalized Search results](img/magento_search_results.png "Personalized Search results")

> ## Development and Maintenance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development and maintenance
```
